Marie Claire

Celebrity
Fashion
Beauty
Culture
Nice Talk
Style At Large
Politics
More 
 Newsletter
RSS
Trending
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
Life in Plastic
Halloween Nails
April Lockhart on 'Nice Talk'

Fashion  Spring fashion
The Biggest Spring 2022 Trends, Straight From the Runways
Winter, who?

 Newsletter
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Spring Summer 2022 Trends
(Image credit: Markarian/Coach/Altuzarra/Michael Kors Collection)
Sara Holzman's avatar
By Sara Holzman
published January 26, 2022
in
Buying Guides
We spotted a few repeat themes on the Spring/Summer 2022 runways that will be welcome additions to your spring wardrobe. With virtually no loungewear in sight, body-empowering pieces— like mini skirts and bra tops—reigned on the runways, as did lighthearted prints and textures like gingham and crochet. From the "less is more" cardigan to all-white ensembles, these are the trends we're predicting for spring.

Crochet Crazed
Crochet Crazed

(Image credit: Altuzarra, Gabriela Hearst, Alberta Ferretti)
This season, homespun crochet details were a present theme on the runways, playing up texture. Crocheted pieces were layered over suits, tailored in matching sets, and knitted into feminine butterfly-esque silhouettes.

spring trends

Alice & Olivia Crochet Sweater
$440.00 at saksfifthavenue.com
spring trends

Batsheva Crochet Skirt
$350.00 at net-a-porter.com
spring trends

Farm Rio Crochet Denim Jacket
$295.00 at saksfifthavenue.com
The Less is More Cardigan
The Less is More Cardigan

(Image credit: Prabal Gurung, Michael Kors Collection, Brandon Maxwell)
In seasons past we've seen an influx in oversized, "grandpa" style cardigans, but this season designers took an abbreviated approach with barely there, shrug-like creations that feel a bit retro.

spring trends

T By Alexander Wang Cropped Cardigan
$450.00 at saksfifthavenue.com
spring trends

Maje Frill Detail Cardgian
345.00 at farfetch.com
spring trends

Jacquemus Cropped Cardigan
$315.00 at farfetch.com
Multiplied Minis
Multiplied Minis

(Image credit: Moschino, Max Mara, Markarian)
We still adore a midi skirt, but spring is all about the minis. Designers styled them ultra-ladylike with coordinating tops and blazers— but an oversized sweater and knee-high boots will keep the itsy-bitsy skirt everyday appropriate.

spring trends

Zara Mini Skirt
$35.90 at zara.com
spring trends

Acler Mini Skirt
$270 at farfetch.com
spring trends

Sandro Mini Skirt
$295.00 at farfetch.com
Gaga for Gingham 
Gaga for Gingham

(Image credit: Carolina Herrera, Prabal Gurung, Michael Kors Collection)
Gingham got sporty on the runways at Brandon Maxwell and Michael Kors Collection, while Prabal and Carolina Herrera mixed the inherently warm-weather print with cold weather sequin fabrics and plush coats.

spring trends

Sleeper PJ Set
$290.00 at farfetch.com
Natalia Gingham Cotton Shorts

Alexandra Miro Natalia Gingham Cotton Shorts
$280.00 at mytheresa.com
spring trends

Self Portrait Dress
$495.00 at farfetch.com
White Before Labor Day
White Before Labor Day

(Image credit: Fendi, Jil Sander, Erdem)
We've written about the ruling on wearing white after Labor Day, but it's become apparent that designers have given their consent to wearing an all-white ensemble on a year-round basis. White maxi dresses floated down the runway at Fendi, white separates were paired together at Jil Sander, and a crisp white skirt suit had a smart sensibility at Erdem.

Elio Off-The-Shoulder Cotton Dress

Staud Elio Off-The-Shoulder Cotton Dress
$285.00 at intermixonline.com
spring trends

St. Roche Nan Top
$225.00 at fashionkind.com
jacket

Cinq a Sept White Blazer
$395.00 at saksfifthavenue.com
Bras as Tops
Bras as Tops

(Image credit: Jonathan Simkhai, Coach, Fendi)
Minimalist bras, worn as tops, took over the runways at Jonathan Simkhai, Coach, and Fendi, to just name a few. To achieve a not-so-naked look, bras were styled alongside fuller coverage pieces like suits, pleated skirts, and jackets.

Luxe Triangle Bra

Fleur du Mal Luxe Triangle Bra
$9800 at fleurdumal.com
$25 at SSENSE
$58 at Fleur du Mal
$60 at Shop Simon
bralette

Balmain Rib Knit Bra
$245.00 at saksfifthavenue.com
bralette

Khaite Bralette
$580.00 at net-a-porter.com


Stay In The Know
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.

Your Email Address

Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands

Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors
By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over.
Sara Holzman
Sara Holzman
Style Director
Sara Holzman is the Style Director at Marie Claire, where she has worked in various roles to ensure the brand's fashion content continues to inform, inspire, and shape the conversation around fashion's ever-evolving landscape. A Missouri School of Journalism graduate, she previously held fashion posts at Condé Nast’s Lucky and Self and covered style and travel for Equinox’s Furthermore blog. Over a decade in the industry, she’s guided shoots with top photographers and stylists from concept to cover. Based in NYC, Sara spends off-duty hours running, browsing the farmer's market, making a roast chicken, and hanging with her husband, dog, and cat. Find her on Instagram at @sarajonewyork.

Read more
Michael Kors spring 2026 look model wearing white tank top, pendant necklace, brown belt, and black pants 
Fashion
6 Spring 2026 Trends You Can Shop Right Now
Runway shots of a models showcasing Fall 2025’s trends.
Fashion
Wear Fall 2025’s Biggest Trends Before Anyone Else
 
 
Alexis Badiyi wearing a leather jacket with black pants at Paris Fashion Week
Fashion
6 Paris Fashion Week Trends I'm Already Shopping
a collage of women at new york fashion week wearing layered outfits
Spring Fashion
New York Fashion Week Designers Are Leading With Real Life
 
 
 
Latest in Spring fashion
models wearing hoop skirts at fashion week 
Spring Fashion
Why Does Spring 2026's Biggest Trend Feel So Complicated?
dries van noten spring 2026
Spring Fashion
This Is the Blueprint for Color Combinations Your Closet Never Saw Coming
 
 
a model on the prada runway wearing an apron neckline jeweled collar
Spring Fashion
Best Believe Prada Is Still "Bejeweled"
a close-up of a Fendi bag from Spring 2026 with a pink sequin interior
Spring Fashion
If You Identify As an Introverted Extrovert, Fendi Has a Bag for You
 
 
 
Latest in Buying-guide
bag charms beauty
Beauty
Move Over Labubus—Beauty Bag Charms Are the Hottest New Accessory for Fall
Renia Jazdzyk wearable milan fashion week spring summer 2026 trends
Fashion
I Loved These Fashion Week Trends So Much, I Couldn't Wait to Wear Them Right Off the Runway
 
 
A gif for most coveted
Fashion
Staying In or Going Out? 30 Finds for Whatever's on Your Fall Calendar
perfume on a tiered tray
Beauty
Not to Brag, But My Beauty Storage System Is Elite
 
 
About us
Contact Future's experts
Contact us
Advertise Online
Newsletter
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Careers
Do not sell or share my personal information
Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

© Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036.

