
Skip to main content
Subscribe
Vogue Shopping
Fashion
The Ultimate Guide to Shopping Spring Trends in 2022
By Steff Yotka and Madeline Fass
March 25, 2022
Image may contain Human Person Kendall Jenner Plant Clothing Apparel Flower Blossom Flower Arrangement and Footwear
Prada dress. Bottega Veneta shoes.Photographed by Larissa Hofmann, Vogue, March 2022

All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.

The sun is out, hemlines are rising, and bright, bold colors are dominating the streets. It can mean only one thing: Spring 2022 fashion trends are finally here. Time to pack up gray knits and tuck away those wool trousers—the clothing that will carry you through the spring 2022 season has an upbeat, offbeat quality to it.

Seen at runway shows from New York to Tokyo, the trends of spring 2022 embrace vibrancy and joy. At Tory Burch, bold stripes in black and white—some cut with a flash of grassy green—signaled a new quirky order. Prada and Chanel put swimsuits and short-shorts on the catwalk, proving that beachwear can be ready-to-wear, while Marine Serre and Dries Van Noten revived the popcorn tops of the ’90s to bring some fun into our closets.

Vogue Shopping
The insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it.

Sign up
By signing up, you agree to our user agreement (including class action waiver and arbitration provisions), and acknowledge our privacy policy.
Here, Vogue is breaking down the eight trends you need to know for spring 2022 and how to get the look.

Tory Burch looks. Cynthia Rowley pants.
Tory Burch looks. Cynthia Rowley pants.Photographed by Xiangyu Liu, Vogue, March 2022
Carolina Herrera dress and Monse cardigan. Studio One Eighty Nine hat.
Carolina Herrera dress and Monse cardigan. Studio One Eighty Nine hat.Photographed by Xiangyu Liu, Vogue, March 2022
Image may contain Clothing Apparel Human Person Evening Dress Fashion Gown Robe and Dress
Courrèges dress and earrings. Bulgari Serpenti Tubogas watch. Maria Black earring, maria-black.com. Jennifer Fisher cuffs. Bottega Veneta rings. Video by Tess Ayano 
Don’t Change Your Stripes
Optical, black-and-white stripes from Courrèges and Tory Burch breathe new life into neutral colors. Try pairing these graphic pieces with even bolder knits and accessories, like white tights and colorful hair accessories, for a mesmerizing and revitalizing look.

Image may contain: Plant
Tory Burch pleated color-block midi-dress

$1,542
FARFETCH

Image may contain: Clothing, Dress, Apparel, Evening Dress, Gown, Robe, and Fashion
Carolina Herrera contrast panel minidress

$1,990
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE


Bottega Veneta striped V-neck ribbed top

$1,400
MATCHESFASHION.COM

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Pants, Denim, Jeans, and Shorts
Midheaven Denim Stella striped flare pants

$298
VERISHOP

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Sleeve, Long Sleeve, Cloak, and Fashion
Monse stripe oversize hooded wool cardigan

$990
NORDSTROM

Image may contain: Lamp, Clothing, and Apparel
Carolina Herrera strapless contrast panel A-line gown

$6,990
BERGDORF GOODMAN

Dries Van Noten dress.
Dries Van Noten dress.Photographed by Zoë Ghertner, Vogue, March 2022
Embrace Popcorn Texture
Micro-textures might not seem universally flattering, but in the hands of new-guard designers like Chet Lo, bubbly knitwear is positively chic. In pastel colors and delicate patterns, these voluminous pieces work best with minimal styling—let the texture do the talking.

Image may contain: Clothing, Dress, Apparel, Scarf, and Mannequin
Dries Van Noten popcorn-textured viscose midi-dress

$1,697
LUISA VIA ROMA


Chet Lo Maul textured woven top

$530
SELFRIDGES

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, and Dress
Bottega Veneta chenille bouclé minidress

$2,500
MYTHERESA

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Robe, Fashion, and Pajamas
Marine Serre spliced mix-print popcorn knit mini dress

$1,310
BERGDORF GOODMAN


Acne Studios satin-trimmed ruched cotton shirt

$440
MYTHERESA

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Skirt, Shorts, Home Decor, and Miniskirt
Dries Van Noten Saturn smocked cotton skirt

$1,095
NORDSTROM

Image may contain Clothing Apparel Ju Xiaowen Applique and Kim Sunghee
Moschino dress, Polo Ralph Lauren dress, and Versace shoes. Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini top and dress.Photographed by Xiangyu Liu, Vogue, March 2022
Image may contain Animal Reptile Snake Ju Xiaowen Human and Person
Photographed by Xiangyu Liu for Vogue, March 2022
Trust That More is More
There is no print too bold for spring 2022. Loewe’s blurred tie-dye and Proenza Schouler’s abstracted zebra patterns are just two ways to give your wardrobe an injection of new energy and levity. When in doubt, add another bright color or maximalist print to a look—it will be a conversation starter at the season’s parties.

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Scarf, and Coat
Dries Van Noten Jezebel oversized knit cardigan

$1,998
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE


Proenza Schouler zebra jacquard cotton and silk skirt

$890
NORDSTROM

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, and Dress
Polo Ralph Lauren striped waffle-knit henley dress

$228
RALPH LAUREN

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Pants, Accessories, Tie, and Accessory
Philosophy di Lorenzo Serafini wave-print knitted dress

$995
FARFETCH


Loewe printed ribbed stretch-jersey tank

$490
NET-A-PORTER

Image may contain: Lamp, and Lampshade
Wales Bonner women's Sunrise wrap skirt

$795
NORDSTROM

Versace top skirt earrings and shoes.
Versace top, skirt, earrings, and shoes.
Directed by Bardia Zeinali
Think Short—Really Short
The miniskirt is here to stay. By now you know the khaki Miu Miu mini that has ruled the season, but have you considered the Prada satin style with a five-foot train? Or the Saint Laurent tweedy number with a faux-fur hem? What about Versace’s slinky lime one with a sexy slit? There is no shortage of options in stores; just trust that you will find the magical right mini for you.

Image may contain: Diaper, and Purple
Paco Rabanne sequin mini skirt

$1,360
FWRD


Versace pin-detailed leather mini skirt

$2,195
MODA OPERANDI

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Rug, and Hat
Saint Laurent faux fur-trimmed checked wool-blend bouclé mini skirt

$1,550
NET-A-PORTER


Prada double satin miniskirt

$1,850
PRADA

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Rug, Dress, and Shorts
Loewe asymmetric sequined stretch-knit mini skirt

$2,060
NET-A-PORTER

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Skirt, Shorts, and Miniskirt
Maryam Nassir Zadeh orange bisou skirt

$155
SSENSE

Prada jacket and dress.
Prada jacket and dress.Photographed by Ethan James Green, Vogue, March 2022
Image may contain Clothing Apparel Evening Dress Fashion Gown Robe Human Person Furniture and Couch
Rodarte dress. Prada shoes.Photographed by Ethan James Green, Vogue, March 2022
Let Florals Grow on You
Why wear floral prints when you can wear three-dimensional blossoms that drip off collars, hems, and hip bones? Rodarte does it best with textural blooms that bring the wild beauty of nature to life in fashion.

Image may contain: Clothing, Dress, Apparel, Evening Dress, Gown, Robe, and Fashion
Prada guipure lace dress

$6,400
PRADA

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Shorts, and Skirt
Ganni embellished mini skirt

$325
GANNI


Oscar de la Renta Magnolia guipure dress

$3,990
OSCAR DE LA RENTA

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, and Dress
Zimmermann Postcard midi skirt

$1,950
BERGDORF GOODMAN

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Dress, Robe, Fashion, and Sleeve
Ashish fuzzy flower embroidered-organza dress

$2,592
MATCHESFASHION.COM

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, and Rug
Miu Miu silk and wool skirt

$6,000
MIU MIU

Image may contain Clothing Apparel Human Person and Sleeve
Loewe jacket and pants.Photographed by Larissa Hofmann, Vogue, March 2022
Go Casual With Color-Block Jackets
Leather jackets, dark blazers, and denim chore coats will never go out of style—so why don’t you experiment with a color-block track jacket or bomber this spring? In shades of cobalt (from Loewe) or hot pink (courtesy of Valentino), the style has an arty new look that’s more suited for a trip to the museum than the sports field.

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Sleeve, Long Sleeve, Jacket, Coat, and Fleece
Dries Van Noten paneled cloqué bomber jacket

$1,855
NET-A-PORTER

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Jacket, Coat, and Blazer
Loewe bomber jacket in silk and polyester

$3,150
LOEWE


Sacai color-block short-sleeve jacket

$830
FARFETCH

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Jacket, and Coat
Celine windbreaker in lightweight nylon

$1,350
CELINE

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Coat, Jacket, Tent, Sleeve, and Long Sleeve
Balenciaga women's Sporty B tracksuit jacket in black

$2,050
BALENCIAGA


Valentino padded faille bomber jacket

$3,500
VALENTINO

Image may contain Clothing Apparel Amber Valletta Human Person and Dress
Rick Owens one-shoulder dress. Eres swimsuit.Photographed by Zoë Ghertner, Vogue, March 2022
Channel Your Holey Spirit
Latticed knitwear offers the best of both worlds: It’s warm enough for springtime breezes but still allows for optimal sun exposure. Rick Owens, Raf Simons, and more are purposefully punching out their sweaters to show a little skin. Wear yours with a maxiskirt and sleek sandals for a long, lean look.

Image may contain: Clothing, Sleeve, Apparel, Long Sleeve, Home Decor, Sweater, and Linen
Rick Owens distressed open-knit cashmere and wool-blend sweater

$1,440
NET-A-PORTER


Dion Lee crochet-knit turtleneck maxi dress

$870
NET-A-PORTER

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, Sweater, Sleeve, Long Sleeve, and Sweatshirt
Raf Simons color-blocked open-knit mohair-blend sweater

$1,634
MATCHESFASHION.COM


Puppets & Puppets hand-knit open-back maxi dress

$1,300
PUPPETS & PUPPETS

Image may contain: Clothing, Apparel, and Sweater
Stella McCartney textured mesh knit sweater

$1,095
STELLA MCCARTNEY


Acne Studios Komiko ladder-stitch midi skirt

$540
NORDSTROM

Steff Yotka is Vogue’s Global Director of Social Media. She has worked at Vogue since 2015, primarily reporting on fashion industry news, trends, and happenings under the aegis of Vogue Runway. Currently, she oversees and leads Vogue’s unified global social media presence, while continuing to review fashion collections around the ... Read More

Madeline Harper Fass (aka Maddy), is Vogue.com’s associate fashion director overseeing Vogue Shopping’s fashion coverage. Fass landed her first job in the magazine’s accessory department in 2015. When she’s not scrolling through the depths of her favorite online stores, Fass finds herself having the most fun when discovering new brands, ... Read More
Associate Fashion Director
Topics
Spring Fashion
Color Trends
Spring 2022 Ready-to-Wear
Vogue Shopping
The insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it.

Sign up
By signing up, you agree to our user agreement (including class action waiver and arbitration provisions), and acknowledge our privacy policy.
Read More
Addressed: How to Wear the Colors We Saw on the Spring 2026 Runways
Runway
Addressed: How to Wear the Colors We Saw on the Spring 2026 Runways
By Laia Garcia-Furtado
15 Winter Coat Trends 2025 to Keep You Warm This Season
Shopping
15 Winter Coat Trends 2025 to Keep You Warm This Season
By Andrea Zendejas

9 Chic Pencil Skirt Outfits That Transcend the Office
Shopping
9 Chic Pencil Skirt Outfits That Transcend the Office
By Andrea Zendejas
The Minimalist Dress That All the It Girls Have Approved for Fall
Trends
The Minimalist Dress That All the It Girls Have Approved for Fall
By Anna Cafolla
Sweet October! Discover the Best Fall Dresses for Every Occasion
Shopping
Sweet October! Discover the Best Fall Dresses for Every Occasion
By Cortne Bonilla
Burgundy Is Always a Good Idea! 8 Ways to Wear Wine Red Right Now
Fashion
Burgundy Is Always a Good Idea! 8 Ways to Wear Wine Red Right Now
By Christina Holevas
From Derbies to Brogues, It’s All About a Savile Row Shoe This Fall
Shopping
From Derbies to Brogues, It’s All About a Savile Row Shoe This Fall
By Rosie Jarman
Classic With a Twist! 8 Trench Coat Outfit Ideas to Try This Fall
Shopping
Classic With a Twist! 8 Trench Coat Outfit Ideas to Try This Fall
By Christina Holevas
Coucou Cherie! 8+ Paris Fashion Week Street Style Trends to Recreate
Shopping
Coucou Cherie! 8+ Paris Fashion Week Street Style Trends to Recreate
By Christina Holevas
20+ Long-Sleeve Dresses to Wear This Fall
Shopping
20+ Long-Sleeve Dresses to Wear This Fall
By Andrea Zendejas
Slim-Fit Pants Return to Fashion Week Street Style&-Here’s How to Wear Them Right Now
Shopping
Slim-Fit Pants Return to Fashion Week Street Style—Here’s How to Wear Them Right Now
By Christina Holevas
<strong>Tap Into Vogue</strong> <br>The <strong>Vogue app</strong> brings every trend to life. <br><strong>Save</strong> your favorite styles <br><strong>Shop</strong> editor-approved looks <br><strong>Play</strong> the fashion quiz daily <br>Be a part of fashion's inner circle: See, shop and share every trend. CTA: DOWNLOAD NOW
Vogue
The latest fashion news, beauty coverage, celebrity style, fashion week updates, culture reviews, and videos on Vogue.com.
More from Vogue

Newsletter
Manage Account
Verify Subscription
Contact us
FAQ
About Vogue
Careers
Projects
Vogue Archive
Forces of Fashion
Vogue College of Fashion
See More Stories

Fashion
Beauty
Culture
Living
Runway
Shopping
Magazine
Gift Guides
Best of Sale
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Accessibility Help
Masthead
Visual Stories
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

CN Fashion & Beauty

Select international site
United States
