Our Terms of Use (including dispute resolution procedures) and Privacy Notice have been updated. We use technologies that provide information about your interactions with this site to others for functionality, analytics, targeted advertising, and other uses. Learn more in our Privacy Notice. By continuing to use the Hearst Services you agree that our Terms and Notice will govern your use of the Hearst Services.
Skip to Content

Logo
Fashion
Shopping
Beauty
Celebrity
Culture
The Good Buy
Newsletter
Subscribe
sign in

FashionTrends & Shopping Guides
Shop the Top 11 Trends of Spring 2022
The looks came through.

By Nicole Fritton and Kerry PieriPublished: Jan 20, 2022 3:10 PM EST
bookmarks
Save Article
Open share options
spring 22 trends
Getty Images
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.

What a long, strange trip it's been. Forgive the Grateful Dead allusions—perhaps the runway's super-psychedelic theme is influencing us, or the fact that it has, in fact, been quite a trip these last months. Either way, the trends don't stop at swirling Cali cool. In person, actual models stomping in the latest creations from storied houses and new designers alike returned in earnest for spring 2022 and brought with them bridal vibes, fringe, bra tops, catsuits, and abs. See what else the catwalks have in store for next season and get a head start on shopping what's new now.


spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Laurel Canyon Kids
From swirling, psychedelic prints at Gabriela Hearst and Givenchy, to vibrant, sunset-hued knits at Isabel Marant and Paco Rabanne, the runways served as a love letter to color-wonderful hippies of a bygone era. But lest you take this as a literal throwback, take note of interesting shapes, proportions, and weaving techniques that make these looks inescapably for here and now.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Loro Piana, Etro, Jonathan Simkhai, Gabriela Hearst, Givenchy, Paco Rabanne, Kenneth Ize, Isabel Marant, Duro Olowu.

Alexis Dress
Ulla Johnson Alexis Dress
$995
Moda Operandi
Credit: Courtesy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Catsuit Riot
Whatever it may lack in keeping secrets or holding car keys, the catsuit more than makes up for in sheer novelty and ease of movement. All-in-ones spotted at Roberto Cavalli and Victor Glemaud felt like a brand-new approach to getting dressed and showcasing your best assets—whether that be covered in sparkles à la Burberry, in a full-on blackout as seen at Balenciaga, or a garden variety floral at Collina Strada.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Burberry, Roberto Cavalli, Balmain, Victor Glemaud, Marine Serre, Balenciaga, Collina Strada, Saint Laurent.

What to Read Next
Jazzercize printed stretch-jersey jumpsuit
LA DOUBLEJ Jazzercize printed stretch-jersey jumpsuit
$375
NET-A-PORTER
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Bride Vibes
Even if saying "I do" isn’t on your 2022 agenda, that doesn’t mean there won’t be reason to show up and show off in all white. That dreamy notion was seen on the runways of Givenchy, McQueen, Vuitton, and more, where ethereal gowns made dreamy entrances—no “Pachelbel’s Canon” required.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Khaite, Givenchy, Saint Laurent, Louis Vuitton, Alexander McQueen, Altuzarra, Simone Rocha, Erdem.

Bridal Rosette crêpe gown
Rebecca Vallance Bridal Rosette crêpe gown
$1,317
Mytheresa
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Ab Fab
Perhaps it’s what the age of virtual workouts has wrought, but there’s no denying designers’ commitment to showing off some midriffs. From Y2K schoolgirl prep at Miu Miu to vibrant ’60s brights at Max Mara and Moschino, and glam ’80s allusions at Versace, the only question that remains is simply this: Why cover your belly when you can show it off?

Pictured clockwise from top left: Christopher Kane, JW Anderson, Valentino, Versace, Max Mara, Giambattista Valli, Miu Miu, Moschino.

Turtleneck wool sweater
FENDI Turtleneck wool sweater
$916
Mytheresa
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Get Some Movement
This season is marked in part by the very best clothes to party in. And nothing hits the dance floor in quite the same way as some fringe (ahem, Roaring ’20s). Dresses at Rodarte, Dries Van Noten, Ferragamo, and Proenza Schouler leveraged the ASMR-soundtracked movement a good fringe dress can elicit. Not that you can hear it over the DJ.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Salvatore Ferragamo, Rodarte, Fendi, Proenza Schouler, Oscar de la Renta, Christian Dior, Giorgio Armani, Dries Van Noten.

Reba fringe-detail midi dress
Rotate Birger Christensen Reba fringe-detail midi dress
$354
Mytheresa
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Business School Dropout
Dolce & Gabbana, LaQuan Smith, Michael Kors, and Fendi all got the memo: Suiting is made to pair with bras and bikini tops. Maybe we spent so many months away from offices, designers decided that when the return to work happens, it needs to look a little different—and dare we say, sexier? Whether these suits and bras are built for the board meeting or dinner out, there’s no doubt they’re statement making.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Fendi, LaQuan Smith, Stella McCartney, Lanvin, Thebe Magugu, Proenza Schouler, Michael Kors Collection, Dolce & Gabbana.

Knit bralette
Self-Portrait Knit bralette
$190
Mytheresa
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
In Black and White
These contrasting combinations are many things, but basic isn’t one of them. Done up in stripes and polka dots, the current approach to black and white is graphic, yes, but it’s also playful, bold, and, in short, head turning. Tory Burch's corseted dress felt like a workwear revelation, while Schiaparelli’s disco-worthy top and skirt were a louche and luxe approach to evening, and Balmain’s maillot and statement-shoulder blazer, done up in spots, was a return to the ’80s we can get behind.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Jil Sander, Schiaparelli, Comme des Garçons, Balenciaga, Carolina Herrera, Tory Burch, Marni, Missoni.

Checked Tweed Midi Jacket Dress
Halpern Checked Tweed Midi Jacket Dress
Now 18% Off
$2,240
$1,830
Moda Operandi
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Go Big or Go Home
The Row, Prada, Chanel, Peter Do, and Raf Simons all support the notion that the bigger the jacket, the better. Why bother with anything so unhinged as a too-tight topper? Instead, leave yourself room to be, room to grow, room to layer, room to ruminate in blazers that find their power in pure volume.

Pictured clockwise from top left: The Row, Coach, Prada, Peter Do, Louis Vuitton, Raf Simons, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Chanel.

Bea crepe blazer
FRANKIE SHOP Bea crepe blazer
$345
NET-A-PORTER
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
The Shorts Story
Come spring, the look in shorts is less laid-back denim cutoffs, more polished and tailored shorts ensembles. Adam Lippes, Hermès, and Fendi are just some of the designers who embraced a more structured approach to having legs, knowing how to use them.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Adam Lippes, Brandon Maxwell, Hermès, Fendi, Max Mara, Michael Kors Collection, Jason Wu Collection, Tom Ford.

Prince Of Wales Wool Cloth Shorts
Miu Miu Prince Of Wales Wool Cloth Shorts
$905
Moda Operandi
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
spring 22 fashion trendsGetty Images
Varsity Team
The past couple of years saw many changes in the fashion ecosystem, but none quite as impactful as our communal, widespread commitment to leisurewear. In short, ladies really know their way around some chic athletic gear, so designers need to bring their A games to impress in this particular category. Tod's, Loewe, Stella McCartney, and Rick Owens were just some of the labels that, well, brought it.

Pictured clockwise from top left: Stella McCartney, Brunello Cucinelli, Akris, Tod's, Loewe, Rick Owens, Prabal Gurung, Ulla Johnson.

Hooded cotton-blend jacket
TORY SPORT Hooded cotton-blend jacket
$278
NET-A-PORTER
Credit: Courtesy
Is your closet ready for the season?
Catch up on the latest runway trends and editors’ picks.

Email address
Enter your email address here.
SIGN ME UP.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Watch Next
 
Play Iconspring 22 trends
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Readers Also Read
collection of various styles of boots displayed in a grid format
12 Rain Boots That Won’t Ruin Your Outfit

fall in the city outfits
Your Guide to Dressing for Fall in the City

how to layer
How to Master Layering This Fall

fall outfits 2025
The Best Fall Outfits for Effortless Dressing


kim kardashian in new york city september 24, 2025
Skims Has Released a Pair of Pubic Hair Panties

sofia richie grainge in her new fashion line srg atelier
Sofia Richie Grainge Launches SRG Atelier

how to style retro sneakers
8 Street-Style-Approved Ways to Wear Retro Sneakers

boots
8 Fresh Ways to Wear Knee-High Boots This Fall

a woman checks her phone while wearing sunglasses to illustrate a guide to the best gifts on amazon of 2024
The Best Gifts on Amazon to Shop Right Now

fashion models stephanie seymour, karen mulder, and chandra north at the fourth annual victorias secret fashion show in the plaza hotels grand ballroom. (photo by mitchell gerber/corbis/vcg via getty images)
25 Iconic Victoria’s Secret Show Looks to Revisit

nordstrom sale fashion finds september 2025
Nordstrom’s Sale Has All of Fall's Biggest Trends

denim trends 2025
The Top 8 Fall Denim Trends of 2025

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Logo
x
tiktok
youtube
facebook
instagram
pinterest
Newsletter
Contact Us
Media Kit
Press Room
Community Guidelines
Advertise Online
About Our Ads
Customer Service
Subscribe
Other Hearst Subscriptions
Giveaways
Hearst Fashion and Luxury Collection - A Part of Hearst Digital Media
A Part of Hearst Digital Media

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.

©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy NoticeCA Notice at CollectionYour CA Privacy Rights/Shine the LightDAA Industry Opt OutTerms of UseSite Map
Opt-Out IconYour Privacy Choices: Opt Out of Sale/Targeted Ads
x