
Skip to Content

Logo
Style
Beauty
Pop Culture
Love
Shopping
Astrology
Subscribe
sign in
Search
Influencers as VS Angels
Conan Gray's Blind Date
"King Kylie" Spotify Data
Quen Blackwell x Cosmo Quiz
What Is Chalance?

Beauty & StyleStyle
You’re Going to Love These Standout Spring 2023 Fashion Trends
Adding to cart ASAP….

By Danielle FlumPublished: May 08, 2023 6:08 PM EDT
bookmarks
Save Article
Open share options
best spring fashion trends
Jeremy Moeller//Getty Images
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.

And just like that, it's finally spring! If you've been feeling like these warm months were taking forever to come—same. I was ready to throw my knits into storage since holiday festivities were over, TBH. So, if you haven't officially said goodbye to your sweaters and boots, I honestly don't know what you're waiting for—actually yes, I do...the weather has been pretty unpredictable lately, huh?! Okay, maybe keep a sweater or two but as for everything else, it's time to swap them out for all of your hot girl spring essentials and the latest trends. Lucky for you, the trends we've seen on the spring/summer 2023 runways did not disappoint so you're probably going to love them as much as I do!

From rosettes to cargo pants and full sheer looks, I'm already adding all of these to my shopping cart. Keep reading to check out the major spring 2023 fashion trends that we're seeing everywhere and that will be sure to stick around for a some while.

Our top picks to shop the best spring trends in 2023:
House of Aama Exclusive Two-Tone Open-Back Mesh Mini Dress
Full Transparency
House of Aama House of Aama Exclusive Two-Tone Open-Back Mesh Mini Dress
Read moreArrow down Regular Icon
Good American Sparkle '90s Slip Dress
Full Transparency
Good American Good American Sparkle '90s Slip Dress
Read moreArrow down Regular Icon
Ronny Kobo X Revolve Amir Jumpsuit
Rosettes for Spring
Ronny Kobo Ronny Kobo X Revolve Amir Jumpsuit
Read moreArrow down Regular Icon
So so good, right?! Told ya. After you've shopped your faves here, you should totally put your 'fits together with the accessory trends we're currently loving! Check out all the bags and shoes and get ready to flourish.


new york, usa   september 13 a model walks the runway during the bevza ready to wear springsummer 2023 fashion show as part of the new york fashion week on september 13, 2022 in ny photo by victor virgilegamma rapho via getty imagesVictor VIRGILE
1
Full Transparency
All. Sheer. Everything. And we're so here for it.

Bevza

House of Aama Exclusive Two-Tone Open-Back Mesh Mini Dress
2
Full Transparency
House of Aama House of Aama Exclusive Two-Tone Open-Back Mesh Mini Dress
Now 70% Off
$445
$134
Moda Operandi
Credit: MODA OPERANDI
Planning on spending your summer at the beach? This dress should be #1 on your packing list.

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Good American Sparkle '90s Slip Dress
3
Full Transparency
Good American Good American Sparkle '90s Slip Dress
$130
Good American
Credit: Courtesy
The best way to show off a cute swimsuit is with a sparkly sheer dress on top.

a model walks the runway of the blumarine fashion show during the milan fashion week womenswear springsummer 2023 on september 22, 2022 in milan, italy photo by estropgetty imagesEstrop
4
Rosettes for Spring
Flowers for spring, we know—but what about rosettes?

Blumarine

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ronny Kobo X Revolve Amir Jumpsuit
5
Rosettes for Spring
Ronny Kobo Ronny Kobo X Revolve Amir Jumpsuit
$378
Revolve
Credit: Credit: Revolve
Your next night out deserves to wear this floral detailed catsuit.

Elexiay Tami Crochet Dress
6
Rosettes for Spring
Elexiay Elexiay Tami Crochet Dress
$250
ShopBop
Credit: Credit: Shopbop
Swap your LBD for a ribbed red mini this summer.

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Maygel Coronel Trinitaria Swimsuit
7
Rosettes for Spring
Maygel Coronel Maygel Coronel Trinitaria Swimsuit
Now 27% Off
$495
$360
FWRD
Credit: Credit: FWRD
Everyone at the pool will be asking where you got your swimsuit—that's a promise!

new york, new york   september 13 a model walks the runway at the brandon maxwell fashion show during september 2022 new york fashion week the shows at christies on september 13, 2022 in new york city photo by slaven vlasicgetty images for nyfw the showsSlaven Vlasic
8
Maxi Skirts
We gave mini skirts their moment and we love a good midi. But one thing's for sure: this season is all about the maxi skirt.

Brandon Maxwell

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
MANGO Ruffled Long Skirt
9
Maxi Skirts
MANGO MANGO Ruffled Long Skirt
Now 30% Off
$40
$28
Mango
Credit: Credit: Mango
A long, ruffled skirt is so versatile! Wear with a matching top or do your own thing with a fun blouse.

WAYF Tiered Maxi Skirt in Ivory 
10
Maxi Skirts
WAYF WAYF Tiered Maxi Skirt in Ivory
$95
Nordstrom
Credit: Credit: Nordstrom
We might as well consider a classic white maxi skirt a closet staple at this point.

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
new york, new york   september 14 a model walks the runway during the michael kors collection springsummer 2023 runway show on september 14, 2022 in new york city photo by jp yimgetty images for michael korsJP Yim
11
Shimmer and Shine
Give us ALL the sparkles!!!

Michael Kors Collection

Danielle Guizio  Low Rise Paillette Skirt 
12
Shimmer and Shine
Danielle Guizio Danielle Guizio Low Rise Paillette Skirt
Now 17% Off
$298
$248
danielleguiziony.com
Credit: Credit: Danielle Guizio
Got a summer birthday party comin' up? This outfit is it.

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
SNDYS Audrina Top in Metallic Gold
13
Shimmer and Shine
SNDYS SNDYS Audrina Top in Metallic Gold
$64
Revolve
Credit: Courtesy
Pair your sparkly top with a pair of jeans to keep your outfit fun and semi low-key.

a model walks the runway of the fendi fashion show during the milan fashion week womenswear springsummer 2023 on september 21, 2022 in milan, italy photo by estropgetty imagesEstrop
14
Precious Cargo
Silky pink cargo pants with pockets on pockets? Yes, please.

Fendi

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Frankie Shop Hailey Oversized Cargo Pants
15
Precious Cargo
The Frankie Shop The Frankie Shop Hailey Oversized Cargo Pants
Now 55% Off
$285
$128
The Frankie Shop
Credit: Credit: The Frankie Shop
You can't go wrong with a neutral cargo pant. A wide-leg one is a total spring wardrobe staple. Trust!

AGOLDE Ginerva Cargo Pants
16
Precious Cargo
AGOLDE AGOLDE Ginerva Cargo Pants
$258
ShopBop
Credit: Credit: Shopbop
If you're looking for a sportier pair, these are pretty much perfect.

Lettermark
Danielle Flum
Fashion editor
Danielle is the Fashion Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers the American and British ready-to-wear markets and handles fashion for all covers and fashion stories in book and online. When she's not working on print, she covers all the latest fashion trends and news for digital. Danielle started as a Fashion Intern for Cosmopolitan in 2016 and has been with the magazine ever since. Follow her journey in the fashion industry on Instagram.
Read full bio
Daily
Wanna know about the next big fashion trend before it’s all over TikTok?
Subscribe to Cosmo’s newsletter to get shopping tips straight from our editors.

Email address
Enter your email here
SIGN ME UP
By signing up, I agree to the Terms of Use (including the dispute resolution procedures) and have reviewed the Privacy Notice.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Watch Next
 
Play Iconbest spring fashion trends
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Readers Also Read
funny couples costumes
LOL-Worthy Couples Costumes for Halloween

nylon nights: fashion edition celebration
Shop Paige DeSorbo's Fall Amazon Haul

heidi klum's hallowe'en party 2022
Heidi Klum's Mesmerizing Halloween Evolution

taylor swift beauty products
Every Product in Taylor Swift's Self-Care Routine


an assortment of items including sunglasses, a phone case, ugg boots, a digital camera, a belt, and hair accessories
These Chic Gifts for Women Say "ILYSM"

a baseball cap and other gifts for him
Gifts for Your BF That Won't Just Collect Dust

gifts for men
Gifts for Men? Easy! No Prob!

celebrity sightings in los angeles october 26, 2024
42 Downright Terrifying Halloween Costume Ideas

tween girl gifts
On-Trend Gifts Tween Girls Won’t Side-Eye You For

unique christmas gifts
Hey, Here's Exactly What You Want for Christmas

k beauty products
Want Glowy Skin? Try These K-Beauty Products

street style paris fashion week womenswear fall/winter 2025/2026 day five
What You Should Never Wear to a Wedding

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Logo
x
tiktok
youtube
facebook
instagram
pinterest
Subscribe
About Us
Instagram
Advertise Online
Media Kit
Customer Service
Work For Cosmo
YouTube
Other Hearst Subscriptions
Give Your BFF the Mag
Newsletter
Turn Off Web Notifications
Hearst Young Women's Network - A Part of Hearst Digital Media
A Part of Hearst Digital Media

We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.

©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy NoticeCA Notice at CollectionYour CA Privacy Rights/Shine the LightDAA Industry Opt OutTerms of UseSite Map
Opt-Out IconYour Privacy Choices: Opt Out of Sale/Targeted Ads
